[Music]
hello curls its Yolanda Rene again I
know I'm starting to look crazy and
crazier
each episode but I am going through the
going through every basic step that you
need to know while being natural and I
have done everything from big chop to
transitioning to big chop I've talked
about the essential products that you
need I've compared high-end products to
low ends or less expensive brands we've
done the loc method we've done
detangling we've done two strand twists
we've done flat twist and now we are
moving on to a bantu knot so I hope you
guys stick around for this section of my
natural hair basics and yeah and if you
have any other suggestions that you want
me to tackle just leave that comment
below and I will be sure to record it
for you so if you haven't seen the other
episodes please go to my channel and see
all the other episodes they may be very
helpful to you
so now we're gonna get into the bantu
knot which is my favorite style alright
so now we're going to tackle this
section over here like I said we have
two strand twists over here we have flat
twists in the center and now we're going
I'm going to show you how to do a bantu
knot and again our hair is already
moisturized we use the loc method and
we've already seen tangles and
everything but now we're just gonna do
bantu knots and I'm gonna try to get
four out of this section normally I
would not even do them small I would do
them bigger but just for the sake of the
video so you can get a feel for how to
do them you're going to have a square or
triangle section we're going to add our
styler of choice or gel and I'm using
for this web for this mini series I'm
using the entwine Couture cream jelly
styler but I went over plenty of other
products in the
first video which was the two strand
twist video so if you want to see other
options please go see that video so
we're going to combine this two strand
twist that's the good thing about our
natural hair and our different styles is
you can combine techniques to make a
beautiful style so this technique I've
done the bantu knot with a one strand
twist but this one we're going to do two
strand twists so I've done a two strand
twist all the way down and I'm gonna do
the one strand twist at the bottom to
make sure it is now that we have our two
strands we need to create more tension
sturdy so once you have that tension I
use my finger to kind of wrap it around
like so and then we're going to start to
twist it at the root still create making
sure there's tension still in the twist
because that is important in the bantu
knot process and as I'm bantu knot e I'm
going under to twist it not on top I'm
going under so I think we need to do a
bigger one so you can actually see
what's happening so I'm gonna make this
one bigger
bigger section this time again I'm going
to get some products and put it on every
strand and oh and although our hair is
already detangled I'm just going to run
through it again just to make sure it's
nice and smooth and we're going to take
two even sections and we're gonna do a
two strand twist in twist to make sure
that it's twisted all the way to the tip
we don't want anything straight no
straight hair all right so again we're
going to start creating tension at the
top and the bottom by doing this
twisting motion got to be coordinated
then I'm going to roll it up my finger
just so the tension will remain there
and we're going to twist it around and
as you're going around you're going
underneath of the twist to make sure
that it is secure so there is another
bantu knot I hope you can see it so
we're gonna do one more strands and
twist and we're making sure the hair is
detangled as we go to our double tension
we're rolling from the top and the
bottom then we're gonna roll it around
our finger to create keep that tension
and then we're gonna twist and we're
putting the twist at the bottle and
closer to our scalp because that is
making sure that bantu knot is not it's
not going anywhere
so that is a Bantu mine
so let's see if we can do it at this
angle since it looks better from the
thing well I'm gonna turn this way so as
you're twisting you're kind of guiding
it and this twist is going underneath
under
[Music]